Help me to full fill my plan and i want a fully structured code to train and predict deepfake

i want all generic benchmarking like f1 score, confusion metrics and i want the training and validation loss curve graph

give me the proper structured code of the planned project







Explanations, tips, and troubleshooting

Attention layer name / custom objects

The extractor builder tries:

model.get_layer('att')

any layer name containing att or attention

heuristics for a layer with shape (None,19,19,...) or (None,361)

If your attention layer has a different name or uses a custom class, load_model() will raise and tell you to pass custom_objects={'YourAttentionClass': YourAttentionClass}. If so, send me the class definition (or the name) and I’ll add it to safe_load_keras_model().

Shape mismatches

DenseNet and EfficientNet preprocessing uses 224×224; Xception (Inception-style) uses 299×299. The code handles per-backbone preprocessing to avoid the KeyError you previously saw.

Why mRMR implemented this way?

I implemented a greedy mRMR using mutual_info_classif for relevance and Pearson-correlation as a cheap redundancy proxy. This avoids installing extra libraries and is fastish. If you prefer a strict mRMR (Mutual Information redundancy), we can compute pairwise MI between features (costly) or use pymrmr if available.

ReliefF

If you want ReliefF as one of the filter scores, install skrebate (pip install skrebate) and plug the ReliefF scores into initial_candidates. I left spots commented for that.

Inclusion-Exclusion (wrapper)

This wrapper is intentionally simple and slower (it evaluates KNN cross-val scores repeatedly). For large candidate pools reduce top_k or increase the aggressiveness (e.g., start with top 100).

Performance

Feature extraction is the most time-consuming part. If you have many images, run on GPU and increase BATCH_SIZE based on memory.

The wrapper selection will be the next bottleneck; tune candidate sizes (e.g., MI top 200 + mRMR top 200).

If you want me to integrate into your notebook

I can produce a notebook-cell-ready version that plugs into your existing flow (I can replace the problematic extract_hybrid_features() block you showed earlier). If so, tell me whether you prefer the new code inserted into Notebook 2 or prefer a separate script.